Small subset download (#6)
facebookresearch/uco3d: README.md

python dataset_download/download_dataset.py --download_folder <DESTINATION_FOLDER> --checksum_check
```

## Download a small subset of the dataset

> We allow users to download a small 50-video subset of uCO3D for small-scale experiments or for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: nit: Not feasible for any meaningful experiments?

```suggestion
We allow users to download a small 52-video subset of uCO3D for preview and debugging purposes.
The videos represent a random sample of catrgories.
```
